Problem with iframe height
Configuring Apache 2.4 for proxy
How to add custom HTTP headers?
Double entry accounting sandbox
Change of color for Navigation bar
Style Column Metrics like the Documentation
Sidebar menu items have different indentation if there is a markdown with link tag
Altair mark shape
Question about scroll event
Change the progress bar background color
Model size too large?
Adding scrolls bars to expander is not working
Chatbot component
How to export st.markdown() content as it is shown on the app
Increase the size of tooltip icon
Embed iframe to my website
How to bring the user to a specific tab within a page in my multipage app using the URL?
How to dynamically create a number of columns and insert an element into each
Increase expander's label text size
Changing the Avatar
Unsafe_allow_html for all widgets
Anyone using the new features from openai?
Hide pages using multipage
Navigate Multipage App with Buttons instead of Sidebar
How to remove progress bar
Move text to absolute top of the page
Custom sonwsight
Preserving state across sidebar pages
My CSS styles is not loading in the component. I may quit
Expandable tabs in sidebar
Align to the right
More icons other than emojis
Parquet vs Feather
Define "spawn point" for a map?
Customize the streamlit sidebar navigation collapsed and expand button
Creating stock price monitor
Hide pages in Multiple pages app
How do I align elements in differnet columns?
Making markdowns disappear automatically
Disable spinner from google sheets library
Long Anchor Tag Generation
Sizing Custom CSS Block to Parent Height
How to create a History Messages of User (Sidebar)
tradingview widget code help
Sidebar layout change
Supabase Google Oauth
How to change "Please wait" message to something else?
Resizing sidebar scrolls page to the top
Interactive matrix
Possible to link to element within the same app?
How can I learn what Page I am looking at
PNG image loses quality when width is reduced
Tooltip for images?
Deny app access
Config: hide tracebacks
How to support html and css tags in snowflake native app
How to remove st.expander border
Add Border To Specific Container
How can I create borders around containers?
How disable show password
Fav Icon & Title Customization
Behavior of Expanders
How to always show multipage tabs
Applying custom CSS to manually created containers
Change background color based on value
How to edit index.html?
Testing URL fragment with the new framework
Create buffer on click on the point
Rasa chatbot UI interface
St.sidebar.image corrupt
How to implement filters like the Leetcode UI?
Google Maps Places API restricted to 1 result
Better Styling for Multi-Page App Sidebar
How Could I Add an Interactive 3D Model to My Website?
Passing a postMessage to an iframe
Mobile screen lock
App with a random word to translate from french to english
Security: What IP address range can I whitelist for my DB connection?
SEO visibility question
St.markdown - Remove the term "footnotes" in the rendering
Different scrolling strategies for a conversational chat application
How can I access st.title in a st.container() with AppTest?
How to create something like st.balloons?
Data Editor Header Colour
Getting all sheets from the workbook
Question: (10 points)
Adjusting height between columns
Datepicker css style
Column width versus text
Make a table auto scrollable
I have a Question about sidebar on multipage…
Integrated debugging with VS Code and WSL
How to change the font-size of conversation messages in the chat?
Background position for lottiefiles
Scrolling an embedded PDF
A better "as of" date
Search bar on multipages app?
Automatic sidebar rendering
Support of container elements when using AppTest
Reduce white space top of the page
Removing fullscreen button in bottom-right of iframe
Google Search Console site verification
Render local html as well as js/css/img
Need help displaying Images
Adding conditional formatting with graded color scale to aggrid
How to change font size of streamlit radio widget title?
Add spacing between tabs
The progressbar does not show the percentage
Implicit timezone conversion with altair
Change font size and font color
Blank browser with just Deploy and other menu options
LaTex with usepackage{MnSymbol}
Unsafe_allow_html in code block
How do i align st.title?
Move object to right
Rendering PDF on UI
Updating st.expander title based on its contents
Extract the coordinates of points selected by lasso tool
Maximize custom component
Question about Expander and radio
Alternative for google fonts
How lower the sidebar to have white space at the top?
How to keep previous image in conversation history
Bokeh 3 Support
How to add componment "dynamiclly"?
Adding a link to my image
Put logo and title above/on top of page navigation in sidebar of multipage app
How to add a password?
Using custom fonts
Project hotel
How to Distribute Columns Across the Entire Screen?
Image in Markdown
PDF viewer - how to achieve reactive layout?
Change Primary Color (accent color) with CSS
Role based Authentication
Getting Theme Options from code
Using multipage functionality and user roles
Sidebar configuration for multipages app
Add scrolling to 3 columns
Modifying table cells from javascript (dom node modified but not the page)
Altair zooming
Set components.html height automatically
Leaf Disease Detection
How to display information about a word when you click on it?
Tab Icon
Custom the form background-color
Inferencing a pytorch model
Custom CSS for sidebar: transparent background glitches
Components.html causing empty region in chat streaming interface
Doubts when positioning animations on the screen
Prevent components.html from adding a blank line
Sidebar html box disappears
How can I make it so that when I click on a word in the text_area window with the mouse button, it will display the options below it?
Is there a way to set the height of a container or a column to the monitor height in px
Hide none after HTML
Customizing the appearance of Tabs
Modal and SideBar overlapping
How to the whiltespace of text element to pre-wrap
Synchronized Text Areas
Option Menu as main menu
Multi page app with sidebar
Opening the 2nd page from multipage app in a new tab
Chat Interface UI
Codespaces and st.secrets
St.tabs mobile not auto-fit to screen
Passing Video Callback Function to Audio Callback Function
Fixing position of st.spinner
How to open a new window with pre-generated text?
Prevent scroll on interaction?
How to make a static column?
How to access tab id?
How do I reduce or eliminate the top margin of my mobile screen?
Markdown code appears above title when clearing chat history
St.toggle label position up
How to set the default page in multipage app? (I don't want to use main/welcome page)
How to add new option/ delete option from ellipsis/action menu
I need help with something, my sidebar disappears
Add an Event inGoogle calendar
How to add images in the empty space
Creating new sidebars for different tabs
Place st.title vertically
CSS of st.markdown
Adding an SVG image (and listen to events on the image)
Getting browser country and time
Nested pages in the sidebar
Is it possible to create nested pages?
How to style st.expandable
How to create a chat application in an layot like column / tab
Get default theme in python
Title
Help displaying test app (from instructions) on a local web page
Find and manipulate an HTML Element
Fit auto width columns
Chat Input , href and Iframe
Split a table cell into 2 columns
Hiding pages in sidebar
User / Reviewer Approval Workflow
My feedback didn't appear
How can I use an auto scroll to the bottom of the page?
How to create an animated carousel effect?
How can i change the width of data editor cells
Side by side chatbox components with multithreading?
Upgrading radio component with CSS
Sidebar: Multipages Menu and Buttons
How to add Azure AD Group-Based Auth to App with Auto-login
Multipage app with icons but without adding them as part of the page name
Add internet
Customizing text in st.expander
Displaying json information as expanders within expanders
Set height of sidebar in a multipage app and sidebar components
Disable scrollbar
Logging `emit` to display in a text area
Chat messages on top, forms at bottom
Metrics Delta
New display bug
Previous page shadow when loading
Passing an information from main window to sidebar
Crop rectangular images into a circle?
Sign in page
Question about styling multiple images using st.image() with css
Display complex dictionary/json like data in SL any suggestions please
えらー
Help on designing the app
Sidebar background color and displaying both uploading button and select bottons
Add hyperlink for st.metrics.value
Set the vertical height of a figure with "height: 100vh"
Read column width and height
Fix st.form to the bottom of the st.container
Toggle, hide sidebar
Change default avatars in st chat
Is it possible to do conditional theming?
Page move up when change options
Cover Letter Generator
Embedding CSS and HTML leaves white space in the page
Video transcription app
How to reference widgets as objects on the page
Dynamic Page Content Loading without a Multi-Page App
Styling in dynamic data editor
Keep st.form always at the bottom of the page
How can I change the header background color in an AgGrid table for specific columns only?
How do I move the default scroll of 'st.text_area' to the bottom?
How can I make my dividers per row a consistent size?
Set altair theme to None for the entire (multi-page) app
Customize the set_page_config about page width
iPhone Notch White Space
Is there a function like nicegui.row()?
Sidebar
How to remove a parameter from a URL?
Instantly collapse or hide sidebar
No CSP header in the HTTP response?
Inserting image at side bar
Colored text
Working on rows
Updating Object Heights in Sidebar
How to center st.spinner
SVG image bug
What function should I use If I want to visualize folder structure?
Horizontal layout
Set image size on desktop, but resize when using mobile
Prevent page from automatically scrolling down
Any way to change default HTML <head> properties like custom metadata etc.?
1000 Character Limit
1.24 version always scroll-up while I change any UI component
Open the sidebar with clickable text
Set slider range
Segmented Canvas
Whitespace on SIDES of project rather than the top
secondaryTextColor
Image Carousel Component
Automatic slideshow
Feature Suggestion: Image Carousel
Is it possible to create a sticky header?
Creating a music player
Possible the color when you hover over the st.sidebar
How to modify st.sidebar function?
"Phantom" element bug in 1.24
Keep menu without header?
Possible the color when you hover over the text?
How to down mp4
How to increase the height and width of the window?
Hyperlink a Column based on another column
Strange behavior of UI elements
Using HTML in widget labels (e.g., FontAwesome icons + st.button)
Set_page_config layout defaulting to "centered" even after defining as "wide"
How to create a Dockerfile using the Components API
Multiple Users
Cursor position
Edit hamburger menu
Hyperlinks in Chat
Slider Column Configuration
General advice on page render optimisation?
White & black color in markdown
Specify sidebar width
SSH Deployment
Date filter on Apple Health Data - repr_html_()
Header Themes
St.data_editor - LinkColumn with different label and URL?
Disable interactables after suitable interaction
Align headers and buttons in the middle of the sidebar
Compact layout and components?
The blue theme is not supported by the st-aggrid
Plugin or Extension support?
Main script in multi page app
Too much space between logo and text box
Slider values are overlaping
How can I add a URL link to an image?
Center text in st.metric
AI prediction and League of legends
I need the sidebar to change the pages it displays depending on the selected options
Toggle hide/show sidebar from Python v2
Best way to use a color selector with a few color values
How to change the background of an expander?
How can I change the bar style?
Disable latex
Retrieving current frame of st.video
How to use mutipages and authencation together
Layout setting changes from default to wide after reloading page
Manually define page labels for multipage app?
Envio de emaill
Custom name for custom themes
Password on just a few pages
How to keep the pages menu expanded in multipage apps?
Chatbot FrontEnd
Display
Experimental data editor style
Multipage app
Start screen, loader (st.spinner)
How to get multi langauge suppport
How to convert Top2Vec to pickle extension
Jump to section of components.html
Text wrap
Ag grid, calendar pop up in cell
Drag and drop image
Wide mode not working
Showing Percentage in AgGrid
Anchor tag
Organic Slider Method?
Hide titles link
Trying to make a image slideshow
How to print
Image next to name for radiobutton option*
St.form - rounded shape
Displaying ID and corresponding name in a CRUD app
Customized Pages Directory
Slider Creation and Update in While Loop
Remove / Hide Layout Widget
Aggrid cell not rendering html through javascript injection
Connect Sidebar Filter to other variables
Pop-up spinner which blocks the whole screen while results are generating
Any way to expand the display width?
Feature Enhancement: st.code supports collasible code segments
How to center columns
Sidebar issues
Is there a way to show underlying code documentation from pydoc or sphinx?
Using `st.markdown` with HTML is changing the look of the whole page
Displaying a tqdm bar with multiprocessing
Scrollbar for a high number of tabs
Streanlit custom components export
Is there a way to link to a tab?
Auto-collapse an expander in a form
Can we create a custom section in config.toml?
How do i wrap a custom component (React) into st.columns
How to trigger custom event on a hamburger menu option click
Delay in CSS Injection
Custom Navigation bar
Printing a hard copy with some shapes
Autoscroll
How to check the sidebar state
How to add a line break inside longer cells in the display of an Excel file?
Tab names are not rendering correctly when switching between pages
How to visualize the geometry by cutting into part
Form elements using CSS
How to remove white space between markdown
Horizontally align columns with text and images
Newlines 'about' text in menu via set_page_config()?
Tôi cần trợ giúp, chuyển đoạn code sau đây sang môi trường streamlit
How to turn off resize trigger?
How to split pages in partials
Longitude and latitude in secrets.toml file
Live tracking of a driver location
Go to specific page in PDF after loading it
St_aggrid Hyperlink Render Issue but only on linux server
Displaying the video after applying yolo on a video
Some css question on st aggrid
Connecting to RPI with Bluetooth
Mystapp.com/how_can_i_personalize_this
Aggrid Table disappears, zooming in and out fixes
What is the current page in use? Multipage App
Is there a method for navigating to a particular location in a page from another one?
Page_icon & Title not showing on subpages
Hpw to cretae this tiles view
How to add scroll bar in st.expander
Experimental_data_editor category interdependency
Page Collapse, initial_sidebar_state
Images
Can the label in st.expander() be multi-line?
Images vibrating in app GUI
Leading Gap
How to zoom st.image
Scrolling in a column
Playing sound on user computer
How to Group or lock multiple rectangles for resizing?
Change style for metrics embedded in a st.subheader
Redirecting to a different page without the sidebar
Page Scoll Left to Right
Best free alternative to AgGrid?
Horizontally scroll through multiple containers on a single page like page control or with left/right arrows
Drawing 2D screw image
Relationship between widgets
Toggle hide/show sidebar from Python
Ways to use less if else?
Radio widgets display direction
Aggrid
How to reset bearing on pydeck map to 'true north'?
Image urls not displaying when deployed
Hide restricted page in navbar in multipage app
Share same dashboard between multiple users
Prevent widgets from exceeding width of container with border and padding
Embed function to html in st.markdown
How can I create horizontal rules?
Create audio player with callback function on play
Running 2 ML models in the same page
Customize multipages
Programmatically navigating between pages in multipage app
App - Page Icon , does not change in case of Safari
Display a created heatmap on my web app
Display images with next and back button
Navigation sidebar
Exporting Analytics?
Making data sticky between pages when navigating back and forth
Page Icon
Is it possible to have markdown tables side by side?
Table resizing not working according to last update
Markdown table now indenting
Is it possible to get client's browser information?
Experimental data editor
Integrated iFrame for donations weird formatting issues
How to set some page is wide mode, and some page narrow mode?
Showing only MAPE value of Exponential Smoothing
Best DataBase
How to enable Full-Screen option for element rendered through components.html?
Removing options from the hamburger menu
Deeplinks for specific tab/pages
Change metric color, font, background and style
Calendar widget!
How to create a page in the code?
Suppress automatic display of a list
Finegrained Control over Embedded Youtube Video
Customize theme
How can I recover wasted space
How to open the page on a new tab
How to customize label of st.expander
Fullscreen mode for components.html() or components.iframe()
Get varying weights for portfolio analysis
How do I change the color of the text box?
Is it possible to set different names for multipage in the sidebar and URL?
Support for Altair.v5?
Markdown command
How do I reduce the gap between two lines of text?
Has the way data frames are expressed in 'st.expander' on mobile changed?
Help Icon alignment st.metric()
How to display a picture inside the frame
Serving static pages, integrating html pages in the page list
Metric arrow control
How to set wide mode as wide in initialize
Add padding to markdown with LaTeX formatting
How to improve Aggrid speed?
How can I create two independent timer
webrtc
Linking app state with special characters
Changing only sidebar background color
Use_container_width not working
Centre radio buttons
How to change css class of the page-emoji part generated from st_pages?
How can I center a picture?
I want to build custom slider like this
How to refer page in multipages?
Changing page
How to create horizontal scrollbar into a st.text_area?
Change width of sidebar
Styling st.slider label
Need to automatically go at the top of the page
Switch tabs programitically?
Create sliders for a model
Second Language Option
How to style expander add background color based on cell value
Sliders right to left
Multi-page sidebar categorized into subdirectories
Java requirement
Completely disable sidebar?
Multi-page App from Single Apps
Adding widgets to sidebar hides the page navigation
Sidebar & multi tabs
Space between radio buttons
Setting widget width
Dark mode off and on
St.expander markdown does not work with links
Spinning cake
Add LinkedIn Icon
Tiles
Building an images gallery
Making HTML map responsive in Width and Height!
Show/Hide page if
Looking for css "hack" for st.tabs to make first tab scrollable and second one not
How to create layout (Merge two Columns into One)?
I'm trying to add columns to the expander, but unfortunately it doesn't seem to take effect
Embedding a terminal
Multi-page label presentation
Display 3 expanders beside each others using columns
Hide/show pages in multipage app based on conditions
How to create a semi-circle shaped slider, using csv file as input?
Twitter Timeline broken
Code Organisation
St.tabs - is it possible to do any of the following?: access an st.tab click event, set a default selected tab on a page
Developer menu options not showing up in cloud
Lack of libraries in the cloud
Get expanded state of st.beta_expander
DuplicateWidgetID: How to generate a key in this specific case?
Did anyone else's app's top padding reduction suddenly reset?
Conditional if structure
Generate pages from a config file
How to create a search field for the app
Add tab dynamically
Safe sharing code?
Scrollable Radio widget
Layout resets when using markdown to navigate pages
Modifying the font size of a st.expander label
Font size of slider caption
I wanted to ask if there is a functionality that while working with tabs lets you block some of them till a condition happens
Add a line item or row
Get an image from MySQL database and display via st.image
MS Office (Excel or Other) Add-In
Aligning st.components.v1.iframe
How to adjust the navigator panel (option menu) to body of multipage webapp?
Slider **value** visibility!
Is there a way to disable sidebar for multipage navigation until main page has finished loading?
Update Tabs Titles
Postgres Query
Remove or reduce spaces between elements
Css styling
Changing the text color of only one metric
Change the font size of labels in sns.heatmap
Equalize component heights
Brainstorming - leafmaps without re-rendering on recalculation
The components.html on chessboardjs
Issues with blurring the bottom of the picture and moving social media boxes up
How to add external links/url to common window of multi-page app
Horizontal Flow layout
Scrolling text containers
When the image is out of range ( st.colimns, image)
Create a list based on length
JSON collapse option
How to add go to/jump to in tabs?
Is there a way to center all the elements in st.metric?
Change font size in radio button
Drop multiple dates not necessarily a range
LDA Topic Analysis
How do I replace an image I'm showing using st.image() in the same place?
About slider
Pydeck height
Edit report
Supabase auth using magic link
Navigating to next/previous page in multi-page application
Forms x Modal
Is there a way to hide my login screen after the user authenticates?
Reorganize the layout
Personnal CSS for only one container
Huh. Sign in
Display balloons after reaching the end of page
Demo
Date format MM/DD/YY to YY/MM/DD
Add a image at the bottom of the sidebar?
Headers and Set Query
Hiding Background Image After Logging In
Removing space before sidebar title
Checkbox and image keeps disappearing
Change Colour oh header table
Assign id to widget HTML block
Sidebar looks bigger, 3d cube looks smaller in Multiple page streamlit app
Getting active users browser appearance setting
How to change af-grid width?
Login page
Fast image slide show
Can someone explain the 'with' notation?
This is my first project as data science intern
Hello i can't add the other page in the sidebar
Dynamic screen width
How to display values from DB in a slider
When to use enableCORS and enableXsrfProtection parameters?
How to create a bar showing the level of the value?
How to wrap long text with triggering Latex?
Display Adaptive Card
Feature request: Tooltips within text/markdown
How do you center mark text in a bar stack?
Header Icon's Changing Problem in Multiple Page App
Redirect to oauth link?
Table of contents widget
Can we deploy and app with a private github depository?
Datetimeindex format
Create two sidebars in multipage app
Multipage personality test: Patient page and Pro page
Multiple urls for multiple clients same website
Multipage App - customizing sidebar
Money
My modul
How to full screen the stauth login page
Equivalent of "plt.imshow": zoomable + movable + selection of region-of-interest
How do i hide/ remove the menu in production?
Slider range display string
Tabs styling
Multi page vs Multi apps?
How to display a list of images in groups of 10/50/100?
Column selection in the dashboard
How can I improve the page loading speed?
Multiple sliders with dependant values
St.tabs - static / pinned
Horizontal checkbox
Is there a way to make a scrollable list of elements?
Images some times not showing using st.markdown()
Images sometimes not showing using st.markdown() and urls
How to make an iframe responsive?
Multipage app : have header above navigation
Way to change the page_config on mobile
How to get server address (local host or URL in case of deploying) within the app
Calendar view and french translation
How to compare data/scores of multiple products
How can I embed google results?
How to use a repo git where i'm not the creator
Open in client side
Is it possible to center data on cell like Excel?
Choropleth - Width and Height changes based on the color option
Packaging Multipage App
Changing the display element later
Navigation in multipage app
Google Ads
Why i cant see manage app at lower right?
How to make View Fullscreen for image to be always visible
Is it possible to have multiple config.toml
Change size of metrics
CSS Hacks have weird behaviour (of course)
Using custom icons for checkboxes?
St.expander events/callbacks?
How to connect google spreadsheet more sheets?
Installing packages from the web
Incremeting progressbar
Styling textarea
Filters as Sidebars
How Can I select a different src with opencv
How to display progress bar corresponding to the number of things downloaded parallely?
Tabs hidden
Image is not displaying ,shows ? mark using html tag of img
Data Privacy for Internal Business App
Filter affecting another page
Multipage - Hiding a page from the items menu
Video tutorials
Metrics endpoint
Page Title & Icon Flicker before Override
Center an image on the sidebar
St.sidebar features not displaying
St.set_page_config does not directly display the website title I set?
Add custom HTTP response header
Web Geolocation API to Get User's Location
Allow user to add any number of elements to a page
I am trying do a regression model
Search for keyword in a table and display filtered results
How to make sidebar as navigation bar?
Local custom font
2d slider or a pad
Changing the pages name on a condition - multi-page apps
St.markdown does not support table striping
Changing the display size of st.video
Multiple Page App Side Bar Icon
Output raw headers
Importing modules in pages
Any way to group together inputs horizontally?
Alignment of content
Shift elements that are already on the page?
External widgets to control media
Sidebar scroll doesnt work/
Reduce text padding
Formatted display
请教大神，为什么我写的代码，无法修改expander中的内容
How to display a table and its plot side by side with an adjusted height
Sidebar width
Date filter
How to change the use with camera
Markdown for changing one word compared to the rest of the text?
Can I remove "size" from the hover data?
Anchor link does not work with japanese header title
Change the slider selected region shown by the color
How to pass parameters through url between multiple pages
Can I add an image as part of a tooltip?
Changing color of a column
Customise sidebar (specifically for multipage apps)
How to change the default width of sidebar in version 1.12.0?
Advice on formatting research text and/or citation manager integration?
Geemap cannot add colorbar!
Incorrect padding
User authentication
Trick - Simple MultPage
Adding an introduction page without using mutiple pages or radio button
Is it possible to set default tab view for st.tabs?
Scrollbar missing from sidebar in firefox after updating to version 1.12
How to be included by search engines?
Action-driven tooltips
How to style slider annotations?
It is necessary to make an adder((
Centering a text
Align different widget across multiple columns
Logo and App name at the upper left corner
HTML table responsiveness error
Official Documentation Page Not Showing Properly on Safari
Sidebar not functioning properly in Firefox
How to create expanders for multiple columns?
St.set_page_config
Link to specific section on another page
Display images along with comment boxes side by side
Removing entire header (running animation, main menu, decorator) and footer from static files
Support for pydeck custom tile layer
A few more questions on Multi-Page Apps
Knowing the Active Widget
Column Layout
How to add a text inside the image
How do I make an automatic changing page?
Question about project-structure
Hide dashboard?
Possible to make a trading bot app on this?
Selecting a specific st.tabs tab using hyperlink
How to update slider values after modification?
How to change theme at runtime (without the hamburger menu)
Embed form and container one below the other (retain them after page reload) in a single page
Jinja2
Html doc for xampp
Dynamic Container with Active Tabs
How to indent bullet point list items?
Creating a nicely formatted search field?
What is the technical term for the main window?
Comparing current period with previous period
Questionnaire via url, connected to postgresql
Add css class to component
Hide the arrow in st.metric
Multipage: How to import module from different directory
St.image in sidebar prevents input widgets from working correctly
Display images without "Fade" transition!
Using markdown to call a page in multipage app?
Language list for st.code blocks?
How to remove the borders of st.expander
Create rectangle with rounded corners around multiple containers
Ways to increase size in of images using st.slider
St.columns not working on mobile version
How to modify deployed app?
Multipage app: White space at top of main page
Implement a way to add CSS selector for all widgets
Hi@Sum (Highlight & Summarize)
St.code syntax highlighting types
Duplicate Widget ID
Unzipping
Thanks for Multipage! > could bootstrap (or similar) icons also be included?
Changing colorof elements
Is it possible to remove icons from multipage setup or specify them not in the filename?
Setting up password for new multipageapp
Navigate in a http server
SSO Docs No Longer Exist?
I don't wanted the static site build with my code, I want to take action from their, Is there could be any possibilities on that?
Sidebar Menu Icon
Responsiveness
Enabling Users to Add Records to Google Cloud
ANOVA and Leven test results
A few questions about multi-page applications
Screen adaptiveness
Why does my web app loads in the middle of the page?
Icons for the multi-app page menu in the sidebar, other than emojis
Mixed precision support
Groupby Indexes Not Showing Correctly on Webpage
Custom Render Widths
Hover tips over links in sidebar multipage
Theme colours not showing in Firefox?
Unable to manage any text / labels / widgets above Multi Pages
String formatting for slider - example
Sidebar not showing
Multipages app
How to hide a certain page from displaying on sidebar in a multipage setup
Display returned records as expanders widget
How to clear and replace an image
How can I specify the concrete router?
Use DATE column to create a date range double-end slider
Vertical column header
Changing each progress bar to different colors
Create multipages app by code
(Hydralit) How to not compress menu items (navbar - Hydralit) by changing page size
How can I make a Deep learning model web server like this
Web scrapping app using chrome driver
Widget Help/Tooltip alignment
Accessing rendered HTML output
ALWAYS hide burger/ spinner / ect.. when pressing F5
Neasted Forms
Layout
Cover entire page
Multiple apps on a single page and subscribe feature
Display data - male/female icons filled with percentage
Https
Href Directed to Specific Instance's Update Page
Interact with Bootstrap
Deploy a deep learning model as a web app
Image next to radiobutton description/name
Image next to radio-button
Windows Authen
Is there a way to configure the app while running it as a docker image?
Make widgets side by side in a column
Data Security
Embedding a Tweet
Can't resize container for map
Know the theme in code
How could I track changes to edited cells within ag-grid?
Columns aren't displaying on Mozilla Firefox
How to get the parameters from URL
How do I edit the theme setting if my app is deployed
Apply 2 styles
Report APP
What is the best data structure to use to mapping live data from an unknown environment?
Any way to change icon and message(RUNNING...) appear at the top right corner of the screen when the page is loading
Can we delete or hide the module，such as st.sidebar.subheader ？if yes,how?Thanks
When can we use multipage function locally?
How to get larger capture size from camera input - (and collapsing image preview after capture)
When do we get multipage app support natively?
Multipage prototype Q4
Better Slider formatting
Expandable Sidebar
Any Future Plans for Easier CSS/JavaScript Use?
Width issue
Live video based ML
Change backgroud
How do i change the app title and favicon?
Slider with multiple (>2) values
Disable exposing app via external URL
Remove/Hide "running man" animation on top of page
Gallery view with checkbox to send data thru API
Thin white space on top even after hiding header
How to change sliders programmatically
Add CSS to st.video using st.markdown?
Subscript in slider text
How can I tell altair to use the full height of the container it is in?
Custom Webpage Designs & Layout Possible?
Pin an element on the page
Using the development branch
Get views statistics from my app
Moving parts in a an Image
Link to another webpage using option_menu
Enhancing few status elements
Slider: add spaces or break line to the slider label
Styles, theming and widget examples
How to set light mode as default theme? (even if I have a custom theme)
Help with output - iframe too small
How do I put multiple columns into a row in steamlit?
Metric Font Size/Display Size
Including Latex in st.title
Problem with multipage and animated loader
Is it possible to change the font/background colour of a metric based on the value?
Adjust spaces between st.image/elements
St.expander : increase size of the label
Hide Fullscreen Option when displaying images using st.image
How can I get the IP of an incoming request?
Network URL not displaying custom theme
Ag-grid real time
Windows Authentication
Display image based on user selection
How can I display images as row and columns?
Ag-grid shows details
Need help getting started
Can i move the sidebar to the right?
Horizontal scroll
How can we get the screen resolution?
Horizontal scrolling problem
Display event history
So I have created a model that predicts the gender based on the eyes of the subject.I have done a basic UI where you get an image from a folder and predict.However I want to predict through given url maybe from net and possibly through video
Beta columns waring showing even after I've replaced it with st.columns
St_aggird show detail
Issue: NSWindow drag regions should only be invalidated on the Main Thread!
How to set use_column_width=True with component.html
Multiple windows
Set video as a background
How to change font globally
Hoe create table without header
Using Mobile Camera for Face detection
Realtime hand detector uses mediapipe
Bokeh theming
How to decrease the spacing between paragraphs?
st.components.v1.html
Screen cast Browser Support
Udacity self-driviing car image browser
Audio/Video events
Set widemode by default
Where to set page width when set into non widescreeen mode?
Python List output as Markdown Lists - Beautify Lists
Widgets next to each other
Problems: Overlapping and Adding an icon to footer
Terminal widget
Intranet app access
Please help
Displaying query results in table format
Progress bar
User-driven Database Connectors
Move point in 2d graphics
Grid of images with the same height?
Multi-level index
Specific layout without nested columns
How to take the whole space of the page
Menu bar - display Logout issue
Is there a way to display results this way?
Is there a way to have multiple pages like flask?
How to make a timer?
How to apply st.slider to function
Stripe API Integration
How to show local gif image?
How to colapse text once it has been displayed
Issues with Mobile Responsiveness
Align text in "justify" alignment
'please wait...' shows when visiting demos on gallery
Display text inside text box of a particular color
Altair How to communicate in both directions
Remove UI Top Bar/Forehead
Order of widget different than coding order
Print report component?
How to set the background color and text color of "st.header","st.write" etc. and let the text be showed at the left side of input and select box?
I want to make a random roll call device to show different pictures or contents in the same position
Redirect uri Authentication with Spotipy
How to link pages
Can I display articles I’ve written?
Reduce widget icon size
Datagridview
Display order of widgets when using callbacks
Using "text-decoration: none" to remove underline in hyperlinks
How to link to a html page in a different folder?
Podcast Summary App With Background Thread
How to add a background image?
Can a slider callback pass the slider value?
Delete widgets
How to scroll to the top of the page when refreshing the page
Autoplay and controls properties for audio and video
Table of widgets
Create new page
App width control with markdown
Page redirect
Using step lower than 0.01 for slider with floats
连接数据库报错？
Change breakpoint of columns (for mobile)
Chatbots
Link 360 JS library in markdown
How to Create Wizard Style App (Step 1, Step 2, Etc)
Multiline label for radio widget
Theme Change using st.markdown
Prediction analysis and creating a database
Reducing whitespace around embedded app
Centre widget horizontally within column
Theme change
Multi-page apps
Delete/reset widgets in the main page on changing selections in the radio button on sidebar
Expander expanded=False not working
Wordcloud
Profiling & Best Practices
St.markdown tags
How to change st.sidebar.slider default color?
Change the font size of sidebar checkboxes, selectboxes, etc
Page title
How to set log level to debug
Disable menu shortcuts ("r","c")
Open All Containers At Once:
Sliders sluggish, jerky on iPad
Importing accessory pages linked to dropdown menu in sidebar
Do we have an ability to customize the length of st.progress()
Make image clickable to annotate it
CSS Coding for Slider Bar
Styling only part of text in text_area
Persitend and responsive input widgets
How to activate my custom theme?
Is there a method for navigating to a particular anchor within the webapp?
Multiline Tables
Image and text next to each other
Windows user_id
Can I split page into 2 columns and I want to add text, image or graphs in the centre of the each column. Is it possible?
How to accept Stripe webhook?
URGENT : Please HELP
Deploying a catboost model
Datetime Index to Months
Pydeck: sync view between two side-by-side maps
Beta_expander: how to execute code only when expanded
Is adding github icon possible in markdown?
Icon with links
Light mode by default
Is it possible to add link?
Sending email through the outlook app of the user, not the server
Updating only certain content on page
Annotations in header / in list, with Markdown and st-annotated-text
Reduce whitespace from Top of the page in Sidebar as well as place two elements next to each other
Hiw to print latex equation in png format
Disable opacity?
Any workaround for placeholder of interactive widget?
Tooltip for Metric
Feedback from a corporate user
Closeing Images
How to make smaller gaps between horizontal line and text
Changing the background color of st.radio options
How to move fullscreen-enter icon
Horizontal Separator Line?
Option to remove padding/box for expanders in the sidebar
Image positioning
How to make nice circled step numbers
Image Height
Sharing App Views via URL's - Tricky?
Information on three cards
Expander does not keep its state if something is displayed above it
How to disable dark theme option?
How to adjust the page layout follow the system screen resolution?
Put the cursor in a certain component by default
How to get rid of faded out previous page during transitions?
How to add a running man label on the right of progress bar?
How to do borders and padding on columns?
Progressive Web App
NO WAY to set focus at top of screen on page reload. Really?
Hyperlink to an expander somewhere in app
Sidebar gets displayed all the time despite check
Multipage markdown link to different page
Collapsing expander after code has executed
How to make placeholder for components.iframe?
Pyarrow
App concept: Asking for help with a bit of direction
Horizontal radio buttons
Looking for a post: covid cases/vaccination state per country
Expander looks different... Not how it appears in the docs
Web fonts
Ask for e-mail before using a certain tool
How to refer to a particuler container when there are multiple containers?
Autoplay and control properties for video
How to use SSL certificates?
Clearing code elements
Tooltip for images
Local and Network URL
How to create a fixed header?
SSO Integration
What's happening with html/iframe components?
Dynamic page layout depending on wide-mode
Setting permanent theme for deployed app
Playing sound without any user interface
Suggestions to extend display status options
Radio button with more padding between the options
Widget layout
Same code diffrent layout-css
Topbar dropdown
Is it possible to change the style of the interactive widget?
0.88.0 is faster than 0.89.0
Creation of a new Page
How to discover all experimental_ and beta_ features
Page scrolls down when accessing page
Lottie in sidebar
How do I create a list of values with st.slider in a loop?
Changing height&width of st.sidebar.multiselect
New changes to menu complicates development using gitpod
Detecting if using mobile browser
Widgets height
Integrate JS components
How can I remove some of the items from Hamburger menu?
How to embed the Tableau with iframe properly?
How to make a siderbar menu like the official website?
Split st.radio in columns
Using device's IP address to pinpoint its geolocation
How to make two DL Model in multi page
Fixed height, scrollable container for checkboxes
Can a range slider move parallel / synchronously?
Stripe
Styling st.text using separate CSS
有没有出现 数据库链接异常？
Display Image as link using markdown
Drawing boxes on images, capturing clicks, and capturing key strokes for labelling/cleaning an image dataset
Datetime slider
St.map可以使用百度地图吗？
Ghost Elements in UI
Integrating a web API
Dispalying a tweet
Any Map Features?
Watching custom folders
Image carousel
Sending OSC messages - change IP address
How to add extra lines space?
Change backgroud color - streatmlit.component.v1.html
Navigation panel - can we have a button on the right hand side like 'Next' which automatically moves to the next 'page' in the navigation panel
New layout columns
St.spinner only on top?
Machine LEarning
How to change the style of st.beta_expander?
Automatically Scroll to Top of Page on Data Refresh
Multi-page app
Possible to show Tooltips on hover?
Venn2 diagram
Special instructions for a package
Slider control overflow between beta.columns
Borders and / or container colors
Https://rash-nlp.herokuapp.com/
Image Caption beyond Image Width
Config.toml location
How to implement the https://farolcovid.coronacidades.org/
How to show the percentage number in st.progress bar?
Is there a way to change the placeholder text of a spinner?
What happended to beta_expander design?
Hide/Close the Sidebar Programmatically
Sidebar text color vs body text color
Data Mining App
Removing page title
Align radio button and label on the same line
CSS hacks
How to get a more compact grid
Font Color sidebar
Colored boxes around sections of a sentence
Animate st.slider
How to use multiples sliders to experiment within a weighted average?
Beta_expander style change
Big size video playback
Display date selection side-by-side
Predicting audio emotion from extracted audio features
How to set the background color of st.sidebar
Math application
Change caption color
Problems with widescreen
How t o add top nav bar at the top of the page?
How to filter a database and show all the information in the row?
Hide sidebar with line of code
Can't add background color with css
How to set a background image in a container
Having used st.placeholder to go back to the 'default' chart and settings, is there a way to make the transition more smooth?
Multi pages app
Slider with power of two
How to set page config default layout to wide without calling set_page_config?
Optimization of language model app(GPT3)
Time slider change range on ubuntu server
Connect to a AWS RDS mySQL database example
Showing multiple databases separately
Table font size
How to display start and end time in a user friendly format
Wrap texts around images in sidebar
How to show html tabs with CSS?
DateRangeSlider?
Set default theme on load
Pop-Up window
Create a small tree structure
Wide layout - left aligned with padding
Access serial ports on the client side
DuplicateWidgetID
Date slider?
Components html - use own css
Team Draft Recommender Engine
How to share the current settings to other users, preferably via URL?
How to show parameters/configs and allow edits
Radio button at the bottom of the sidebar
Href on image
Changing the font size of widget text using markdown
How to initialize the value of slider
Range Time Slider Displaying Incorrectly?
Showing a pyLDAvis html
Remove full screen icon for various elements
Need help with layout - columns within columns?
Video displayed based on a radio button action inside beta_expander does not close upon closing expander
How to make the text or string pop by adding emojis in beta_expander
Collapsible Forms
Database example to replace BI tool
Is it possible to have a vertically scrollable container to hold a long text?
Willing to use higher value in slider widget
Fuzzy logic system
How to hide main page's markdown and show only selected page
Real-time voting app
How do I make an image be the full width of my browser?
Siderbar slider cant handle more than 8 digit inputs #3206
Using st.radio to scroll to a position on the page
How to have timed info display or popup
How do I custoimze the color, font size stc on the widget's label?
Resizing Folium Map Leaves Blank Space
Datetime picker isuee
Print page as pdf without sidebar and widgets
Hide/collapse/fold a section
MultPage app for Login module integration
Dynamic Layout Creation - Help debug
LaTeX equations in widgets' labels and options
Beta_expander in sidebar requires other widgets not to have st.sidebar
How to edit a point's status encoding when clicking on it?
Using Unicode fonts
How to create tabs?
Captcha integration?
Customizing the themes
Is it possible to combine different widgets?
Tree Like folder Structure
Is there a double-sided slider?
How to ajust or control of width and height of every columns in st.beta_columns component?
Pydeck superslow?
Nested Containers
Please help me
Sidebar markdow information for users
Page Reset On Slider Change
Sidebar.slide doesnt work
Linking 2 widgets together
carlosishimwe/Financial-Dashboard-
Align the widgets in the st.beta.columns
Can you use beta_columns in the sidebar?
Beta Expander on Sidebar
Hyperlink to an apps URL scheme API
Problem of text fill color when using custom theme
Show information about list of documents as a card for each document - possible
How to center images, Latex header, title etc.?
carlosishimwe/Predicting-medical-insurance-charges
Config.toml location in virtual environment
Window fasttext doesn't work
How to display components on top of an image
Changing SEO metatags
Collapse all the other sidebar widgets when I click to expand one of them
Send notifications to mobile
Go back to top of a large page/ sidebar radio button
Embedding HTML with components.html
Developing Completely Online?
Object detection
Videos in table
breakout
Theme fine-tuning
Is there any way to add text to the sidebar button icon?
When use beta_expander, I cannot see full size option
Putting a GPT-2 Model Up For Others to Interact With!
Fa
Horizontal layout of images
Yolo-webapp
Enable fullscreen icon/functionality
Match the heights of widgets in columns
What i missed?
Aligning text in grid layouts using the beta_expander
Creating PDF Reports
Font size and font style?
Exe Deployment - General Topic
How to create varible-size bars
How to show text that will change among a period of time?
How to show pictures in "one place"?
Dev mode vs Release mode. What are the differences?
Can add smartwatch to your app?
Update on Teams
Combination of st.beta_columns and st.beta_expander
How to customize the width of the widgets?
Questions on building layouts with beta_components
Markdown and Math Equations
Cannot display indented bullet points via st.markdown
Libraries that are currently supported
Display image pixel values
Adding Google Analytics Tag
Multiple Images along the same row
Remove multi-color bar/reduce distance
Ghost images | Last image gets displayed when displaying the new image
Why does x = st.image() ; x.image() work?
Gallery of all ux
How to display image url
Different domains
Multi slider zero range
Сaching the dictionary
Traffic light for values
Data analysis app
Override default color palette
Layout differences between local and deployed app
Bug (?) preventing iteration over displayed elements with recursive function
Word2vec-google-news-300
Background and text colors
Drill Up/ Drill Down options
How to overwrite sidebar
Positioning the sidebar expander icon
Page Title needs to change
Create empty space to separate portions of the app
Best practice for handling submodule imports
Work like JavaScript
Using Slider
Formatting
Redirect
Plan for standard UI layouts and event listeners?
Is there a way to horizontally scroll containers?
Change the progress bar color
Display autoviz html report?
Sidebar minor design is little off
Month picker only
Ugly screen shifting when rendering: how to avoid this?
How to play audio automatically?
Audio display
Table column in bold
In page Console / Print
Sidebar sliders clipping
Display of Slider Input Values to the edges of the slider
How to display a pdf file on the left side and an html content on the right side of a page
Text inside st.info() is not vertically centered when using markdown
How do I test extract information all card images by selecting next, (not a one card)
How to increase the width of web page
Avoid running code within an expander if it's collapsed
Centering an object with one weird trick! divs hate him
Sidebar disappearing when import
Generic Expander Widget
How to incorporate html components from keras model displaying website Net2Vis?
Collect data from an image
Table of media (pictures or audio)
Widgets within beta_expander get cut on ends
Is there a scrollbar widget?
Commercial APP
Hexagon Layer with Custom Elevation value?
Wide layout with sidebar creates choppy visual when opening and closing the sidebar
Notebook like behavior to display data in a scrolling fashion
Sidebar Radio button - every option uses a script with an input parameter for the page name
How to realize southeast side "manage app"
Can I change language code <html lang="en"> to other?
Nest an expander (st.beta_expander) within an expander?
Amount of online users
Changing width of columns
Randomizing Order of Appearance in App
How to display the "Training Progress" on the app?
Set logo height & width
Embedding Bootstrap tags in st.markdown no longer works after updating to 0.69.2
Set height of iframe of annotated_text component
How to hide st.image
Single Scroll Bar for both Sidebar and the Whole page?
Noob: Radio buttons to show different pages and implementing a link/map to google or similiar
Bloody Noobquestion: Get variable for beta expander headline and how to use spaces and implement url
How do I disable the watcher in production?
How to create a text hyperlink aligned centrally
Vertically center the content of columns
Rendering a png at full resolution
How to show results with multi slider
Can you vary the step size or display a customized scale in slider function?
Sidebar on mobile phone collapses before input
HealthCare Applications examples
Rendering a URL of Google Calendar
Make it more explicit for end users what steps are available in a slider
Navigate to other element
Adding more options to st.map
How to position a table in the center
Adding a global config location
No Post Back
2nd sidebar on right side?
CORS problem with components.html() and components.iframe()
Where can i find the source code of the hello app please?
SpaCy's entity visualiser can't be duplicated out of the box - is there a way to get 1 visualiser per text area?
Possibility to add thumbnail to the site?
SVG examples to be embedded in static Web pages
Deepstack object detection
Why is using HTML unsafe?
Using a custom tile server for maps
Logarithmic-scale slider
How to update some of the page
Sliders don't move when values are small
Mapa de cloropetas
Change the name of the healthz endpoint
How do you do object detection in real time?
Text box with highlighted words
Count page views
How to animate a sequence of individual images?
Interacting with widgets change page scroll
How to hide an image after you have used st.image
FacetGrid with Slider
Will there be a new conda-version?
App metrics to prometheus
Is it possible to export table (or copy and paste it in an excel sheet?
How to dynamically calculate/aggregate using different variables (like a pivot table)
Update elements like header and signal handling
Adding Mapbox Geocoder to project
How do I show image in original size?
Can I display two data in two columns?
Role Administration
How to disable "Network URL"?
How do i display a geoviews map? or is there any way to customize st.map() with more detailed information about the data?
Why is a *.0 float shown like an interger?
Adjust the height of the text area
Import Best Practices?
Any way to change default HTML <head> properties like title?
Remove a Markdown
Display different regions on the map
Looking for icon "shortcut"
Aws deploy free tier with 1gb memory
Sticky sidebar
Video with Subtitle
Update slider value
Mapbox Token for Mapbox Studio
Create a slider with input year/month or year/quarter
Deck.gl gps vs value/elevation
Feature requirement
Clickable email address to open outlook
Changing sidebar element values based on other sidebar elements?
Content based recommendation webapp
Centralize
Display a slider "IF" its related tick box is ticked - How?
Navigating through a list
Windows CMD Quick Edit Mode
Code on animation
Convert pdf to text
Mapbox token
Background-color
Open tabs with radio buttons and checkbox
How to skip to another webpage?
Displaying images from opencv
OrderedDict
Looking Cool Ideas for Data Science Project
Creating a basic quiz app
Best setup for a map animation
"Show more items" functionality
How to make Hexagon Layer height value based
Sidebar Button Hover Text
How to reduce or control the size of the heatmap when entering into fullscreen mode?
Mobile app
Code behind a published report
How do I switch to a new page based on my sidebar radio button?
Collapsible/Expandable Tables
Newbie questions
How to output client or remote IP #s to console?
Force redraw of an earlier element
Widget dependent values?
Freeze pane functionality
Add my own settings into "Settings"
Suppress yellow logging/message box in GUI
How to visualize word embedding?
How to blur (unfocus / remove focus) of all HTML elements?
How can I display this chunk of html output?
Hide Sidebar
Look for html repr on objects (generally a method called `_repr_html_`)
What is the recommended way to create a table of Images?
Ability to integrate javascript?
Localizing naive datetimes without asking--feature or bug?
Can I define an empty group?
Stremlit's dynamically named css classes
Display for the slider value
Is there any method to add placeholder in sidebar widget
Is there a good way to code review EDA (exploratory data analysis)?
Interactive hierarchical clustering
Is it possible to play a M3U playlist?
Get playback position from video?
How to maintain images and text even if change some widget on sidebar
St.map and digital elevation models (DEM)
Environmental Data Discovery Tool, continued
Different text sizes for labels of widgets
Alway "please wait..." shown on page
Custom widgets development
Code Order Shouldn't Matter
Update sidebar
Grid Layout
Display Website
Include SVG image as part of markdown
Iterate over pages
Anomaly Detection Algorigthms
Links to same document in md document
Component to get and set client url
Display SVG
Strange slider behaviour
An equivalent to ipywidget's interact_manual()?
Responsive / Adaptive Widths & Sizes
Is it possible to specify what URL the app will run in?
Changing some component without rebuilding the rest of the app
How to use tracer?
Embedding PDFs
Access through mobile phone especially android?
Changing Focus of the Image
Can I wrap st.info or other elements inside custom HTML?
ArcLayer hover/tooltip text
Increase width of items
Change the Background color and text
Help with getColor and related
How to change <HEAD> tag?
Set default height and width for st.write for magic?
Is there a way to convert the page that is viewed to a pdf
Feature request: Provide start position for playback in the audio player
Clustering or classifying data into groups
Current audio time
Updating deck-gl viewport
A few beginner questions
How can I set up the network from intranet and grant access to access from outside the intranet?
How to bind IP without using Docker
Shareable sub-app URL
Workarounds for widget size / layout?
Feature Request: Sharing beyond s3
Is it possible to send CURL request to the server?
Show code optional wrapper
Are all deck.gl layer types supported?
Deckgl LineLayer Example
Data science compute resources?
What's the recommended way to paginate content?
Websocket Encryption
