Count of variables in column for multiple lines on st.line_chart
Subject: Streamlit: Dynamically Updating DataFrame and Scatter Plot
Bokeh DataTable
Cannot change matplotlib figure size
TypeError: bar_chart() got an unexpected keyword argument 'x'
Any news how to get user clicks on chart?
Dynamic bar Map, update map instead of re-render
`st.plotly_chart` not render properly until an rerun while using `secondary_y` to overlay density curve to histogram
KeyError: 0 with bar chart
How to put a Plotly graph inside a box shape?
St.plotly_chart shows small gap between the axis and chart
Folium Map not rendering properly, OrderedDict mutated during iteration
Interactively harnessing the selected vertical span (the start and end x-coordinates ) in an audio (speech) plot
Plotly dendogram chart not showing right side
Visualize line_chart in pop-up in a streamlit app
Chart and Dataframes don't display unless another widget is updated
Click events in plotly_chart
Inconsistent visualization after filtering, bug?
Fast real-time plot (100Hz)
Displaying Matplotlib Chart (using Pandas AI)
Problem in the rendering of st.markdown - Figures
Displaying image rendered by Datashader, with axis around
Line chart functionalities
How to add scroll bar to a chart
Streamlit line chart - how can I limit zoom out / zoom in?
Plotly chart doesn't render correctly when viewed from mobile phone browser
Updating Charts with a Function - st.rerun
How do I implement Excel's data bar function?
Plotly Express Stacked bar label positioning
Bar Chart: How to switch the order of segments
Scatter plot is very slow
Plotly_chart theme="streamlit" documentation
[solved] The plotly chart's "newshape_label" doesn't show up while using st.plotly_chart function
A loop for stock charts
(Python 3.11.3) Filtering two datasets and plotting using same multiselect filters but just first plot being shown
Bar chart types
Unable to display plots in a chat with CSV app
Pydeck tooltip being covered up by Plotly chart
Plotly Chart to PDF in Streamlit using st.download_button without saving the chart as HTML?
The matplotlib plot does not display in full screen after clicking the full-screen button
No axis shown for examples make-your-st-pyplot-interactive
Altair concat chart properties not work
No plotly_events firing by reactless custom component
Pycaret plot_model not displaying
Modify Streamlit echarts inside loop without adding new chart
Altair bump chart
Selecting data from a chart and printing it using st.write() with streamlit-vega-lite
Plotly_event re-renders the plot after selecting datapoints
Heatmap not giving values
FuncAnimation from matplotlib.animation
How to see and download the data set for each charts
Turn off auto-sorting of line_chart() function
Slow and instable app when using plotly charts
Keep selected labels of plot while interacting
Plotting libraries that support on_click events
Altair Line Chart Height Chops Off
Updating Data in a pydeck_chart Object
Module Not Found Error for Plotly
Streamlit Plotly figure doesn't update on input but fig.show() does, cannot debug
Display spatio-temporal data with st.video?
Allowing my app users to comment on my charts
Black and white colors are only seen when Plotly is downloaded as html file or a png or jpeg file
Clickable histogram that link to another plot
Facing error in visualization
Altair figure height can't fit properly within the column
How can I put two charts on the same figure?
AttributeError: module 'matplotlib' has no attribute 'axes'
@st.cache_resource matplotlib figure vanishes after rerun
Classification Score Visualization
St.markdown does not render mermaid graphs
Speed up the processing time a duplicated plot
Plotly events creating a double figure and losing all the formatting
Help for representing data
jsonschema.exceptions._RefResolutionError while trying to use line charts, bar charts or area charts
Plotting Knowledge Graphs in Streamlit
No module named 'Plotly'
Maintain and update a single chart
How to display an image in the hover tag upon hovering over a point in a plotly plot
Plotly gauge overwriting itself
Reduce size of st.map data points for latitude and longitude
Is there a way to zoom in certain ranges on the plot based on the input?
Chart.show() does not plot altair chart from .py script
Tail -f sample.log like feature using SL
"Unrecognised Dataset" error occurs in altair chart for multiuser
Grid lines inside bar chart
Displaying bar charts based on input values from tabular column
Interactive Graph
Plotly Scatter Geo disappear on Streamlit
Matplotlib not found in app
2nd y-axis in a line_chart
Can't enter values without updating a plotly figure
st.column_config.LineChartColumn
Hiplot Error
Label font color not changing in sankey charts
Reactive heatmap in streamlit/plotly/streamlit_plotly_events?
Metric: replace arrow with circle
Graphviz graph resizes on exit of full screen
Remove white labels whit values on echarts (sankey)
Line Chart Column page gives 404
How to resizing my graph?
HELP! UserWarning: Matplotlib is currently using agg, which is a non-GUI backend, so cannot show the figure
Cropping time data using interactive plotly plot
  overlay and subplot do not plot (Chart empty)
Inserting streamlit line chart into pdf
Live Updating Charts - Multiple Tabs - Multiple Columns
Hover text or title text on Plotly table cells
Generate pdf report from dataframe and charts using Jinja2 and pdfkit in streamlit
Line_chart order of lines are not right
Altair Chart x-axis not in order I want
Data Visualization adopting Deta (Database) to create Echarts
How to display matplotlib graphs in streamlit application
How to plot a simple 3D point cloud without any map and update it regularly?
Plotly showing incorrect figures in the axis
Creating website to collect input from user and plot onto chart
Sunburst chart gives empty output
Visualization of stl files
Embed charts inside displayed dataframes?
How to remove x and y axis co-ordinate line from the below image
Showing multiple async st.progress bars in st.columns()
How to remove expansion arrow in altair chart?
Export pdf of zoomed in Plotly graph
First graph is overlayed/duplicated on top of the second graph
Pie_chart under scatter_geo
Newbie Bar Chart question
Altair chart out of container while container_width set true
Interpreting Subgraphs with Graph AI
Plots rendering in unexpected order? (with columns / expanders)
St.line_chart, Altair.Chart and Pandas issue
Plotly working with calender weeks
Setting the font-size on plotly charts in streamlit
I would like to create multiple pie charts from a pivot_table on streamlit probably using matplotlib
Interactive 3D Matplotlib figure
Phantom line from previous plotly chart persisting on reload
Is it possible to download plotly charts as png automatically (aka programmatically with no user input)
[Already solved]When dealing with 3D point clouds, there is a problem with the display of the function pydeck_chart()
Interactive plot: Get which point a user clicked
Show terminal value on the right, and show cross hairs, of a line chart
Download Plotly plot as html
Display tensorflow.keras.utils.plot_model(model)
Streamit plotly.express.histogram autoplay
Save matplotlib plot obtained from a function
Avoiding chart redraws on irrelevant changes
Plotly express label and legend in streamlit
The plot reloads every time I move across st.radio buttons
Streamlit overrides colours of plotly chart
Altair stacked bar graph width problem
Overriding new streamlit theme - how to modify plotly title and axis labels?
Trying to use the st.plotly_chart() but don't change the Theme
Code to create chart with seaborn objects
Trying to contain a chart inside st.expander
Unsupported operation error when adding rows to st.line_chart while specifying x & y
Plotly_chart displays index names that do not exists
ModuleNotFoundError plotly.express or plotly.graph_objects
How to plot images multithreaded
Colors of plotly graphs changes when deployed in cloud
Interpolation options for st.line_chart
Plotly draw shape, cannot delete shape
Time axis with custom scale
Horizontal Stacked Bar Chart
Maintain plot in zoomed in state after on_click plotly_event
Date in x axis in linechart not shown as normal chart
Line in altair_chart is overflow in streamlit
Terminating python script after plotting
St.pyplot() matplotlib figure with navigation toolbar?
Color in art.chart
Plotly save as pdf
Graph
Gradient progress bar color by value
Set plotly bar width
Display "july" plots on streamlit?
How to cache plotly plots?
Most suitable plotting library for me?
Version 1.15. seems to ignore HEIGHT for Plotly charts
Having issues to render a grouped bar chart for Blood Pressure Values
How to using st.plotly_char
Legend with color and strokeDash
How to subsitute 0 with nan so it will not be captured as value in st.line_chart
How to build a chart from a csv file separated datas by ";"
Printing xgb's 'plot_importance' via st.pyplot
Plotly map looks asymmetrical
Move/pan and zoom in all charts?
Y-axis min value for st.line_chart
After exiting the full screen of plotly_chart graph does not reset to its original size
Streamlit Altair plotting multiple series with different x arrays
How to change the order in x-axis
Is there a way to fix a column visually using plotly.go.Figure()?
Bar chart sorted by month name
Can I display Plotly Dash graphs on Streamlit?
Plotly chart render fail
Can't put date values on x axis of a line chart
How to build drill down on charts?
I just want a SIMPLE bar chart
Error Unrecognized Data Set when using st.line_chart
Echart element does not restore on second tab
St.pydeck_chart zoom limit breaks with new zoom buttons
St.altair_chart with dataframe not working
Developing a tailored chart using streamlit
Draw usa metropolitan map
Scale y-axis using st.line_chart [Please?]
Is there a way to auto full screen a chart when the page loads?
What is the altair equivalent of st.line_chart?
Add a link to alt chart title
Live Stock Price Chart -- Processing CSV updates
Delete_rows from line_chart
Altair time transforms are off?
Bar Chart
How to render/read plotly generated by separate process?
Plotly minor ticks now showing in streamlit
Plotly chart overlapping st.columns()
Real time 3D scatter plot with matplotlib
Strange Line Chart for Temperature
Personalize st.bar_chart
Altair Charts: sorting on the axis
Streamlit line chart doesn't recognize number field in Google sheet
How preventing blemishes on the contour plot
Click on st.metric to see a detailed view of the data
Background color of a plotly chart not taken
I need to generate an animating Heatmap but not working?
Several different labels and sublabels for axis
Add features to the datapoints on map using st.map
Trying to put all graphs in a 2 by 2 or 3 by 3
Turn vertical bar chart to horizontal?
Using pyplot and pandas to display a horizontal stacked bar plot
Getting a " NameError: name '_imp' is not defined " while try to plot plotly chart on streamlit window
Bokeh plots no longer showing
How to make Graph, Table and Metrics interactive?
How to hide the legend in st.bar_chart?
ScatterPlot map (color code)
What tools/docs to make clickable network graphs
Bokeh chart doesn't show
Dual Axis Chart
Bokeh chart blinking/flickering with st.empty (streaming data)
Help st.map please!
Displaying hatches in plotly figure
How to pass a st.chart to other files for some add_rows function?
Plot a bar chart using groupby function and plotly and streamlit
Apache Echarts
Vegalite chart radial plot problem
Removing x-axis labels in Plotly subplots
How to get tooltip/helpbox/infobox on chart or text?
How to avoid reloading of pyplot figures?
Using pyplot with sklearn, PyplotGlobalUseWarning warning
Altair plots showing up as blank webpage
Problem creating bar chart with 2 seperate variables on X-axis but with the same Y-axis value
Automatically updating plots using data streams
Bokeh chart is disappearing on Mouse hover
Help needed on px.pie - multiple "values=" possible?
Tick params get bigger as I make fig smaller
Change Index names in the plots for bar graphs
Zoom or dynamic Layout "line_chart" with big numbers
Plotly returns values to the terminal
How to Insert data at Plotly Chart Legend at streamlit app
How to display the count on the Bar Charts?
[plotly] Problem using latex in titles and axis labels
Plotly Chart with in Streamlit..does not fit to page
Plotly Chart - Same Height with Width
Plotly graphs too narrow when responsive
How to decrease plot size?
St.pyplot(fig) stop server
Can I add hover txt when using st.pydeck_chart?
Creating histogram for the distribution of values from one value to value in a
St.line_chart incorrectly labels y-axis ticks when zooming in
Click on plot to change table?
Retrieve Coordinates of Rectangle drawn on interactive Map
How to set the size of a plot by scale or percentage?
St.line_chart axes
Model_plot in pycaret
Display a map by retrieving the data with an api
Fastest way to make 3d plots
Xkcd-style narrative charts in Python/Streamlit
Grouped bar chart with altair and streamlit
Problem with Plotly figure update!
Scatter plot with with text box of information for clicked point
Plotly barplot labels not rendering with st.plotly_chart()
Caption to matplotlib figure just like an image has
Plotly not responsive mobile screen
Altair pie chart error
50MB dataset limitation when using Plotly.py
Best (fastest) practice to display live 2D data
Columns don't format with plotly charts
Plotly modebar perturbation when using Streamlit plotly event
Plotting geolocations in map
PyplotGlobalUseWarning - CauseImpact
How to save chart?
Display pyGAM model summary
Conflict with Plotly 5.5 and Dask 2021.12.0
Streamlit & Altair: axis label interference
Density heatmap using Plotly appears different using fig.show() versus st.plotly_chart in Streamlit
How to show audio player when point on interactive plot is clicked?
Update 3d scatter plot without resetting view
Charting Not Recognizing Datetime Objects within Dataframe
Saving the Plotly Chart as .png or .jpeg file format locally
Show Animation Matplotlib FuncAnimation Performance
Can't display Holoviews Chord graph
How to save graphviz_char into a picture file?
Line_charts are slow, even with low amount of data points
Fix the color in a pie chart without knowing number of labels
Visualization library for large dataset
How to add a legend to folium heatmap without change the default color?
Plotly templates don't work properly
MT Telescope Error-type analysis per-bucket data retrieval
Problems on Pyecharts
Massive Performance Problems using Plotly
Sorting Plost bar chart
Matplolib animation not updating
Is it possible to process click events on charts?
Maps Visualization with Google Maps
How to achieve Basic Bar Chart in streamlit
Subplot distortion when using st.pyplot
Chart features help
Showing full facet plot in fullscreen mode
Folium.Marker
Return range of map when using st.map()
UserWarning: Matplotlib is currently using agg, which is a non-GUI backend, so cannot show the figure
Removing plotly mode bar from streamlit plots
Date at x-axis of line_chart
Altair mark_geo only renders if data is remote
How to graph a Grouped Bar Chart on streamlit?
Population chart, X-Y
My area_chart is only showing one feature from my dataframe at a time for every refresh
Streamlit doesn't show the pattern shapes format of a plotly express bar chart
AttributeError: module 'matplotlib' has no attribute 'use'
Adding text to pydeck scatterplotLayer
Pop up window graph
How to plot race bar chart in streamlit
Maps with Altair and GeoPandas
Auto expanding chart
How to align st.plotly_chart and html component?
Getting zoom info for Plotly plot
Updating Line Graph Faster with st.slider
How to put a 3D scatter graph into the app
CustomJS callback for select widgets to update bokeh scatter plot with streamlit_bokeh_events
Add annotation to chart directly in Streamlit
Plotting holoviews plot
Import Plotly error
Drawing vertical lines in st.line_chart
How st.area_chart() function anmiate
Plotly autoscale/update issue
Summing values in line chart
Line chart with Month in X axis
IS there no way to update plotly_chart similar to add_row()?
How do I refresh/append my plotly_chart() without drawing a new one
Plotly label placeholders
Updating the graph display in plotly
Altair plots slow?
Keeping chart colors stable when chart is updated
How to change the original setting of st.bar_chart?
Streamlit stacked chart forcing alphabetical order
How to draw pie chart with matplotlib.pyplot
Different behavior: st.map & st.deck_gl_chart
Pydeck_chart not showing points
Tool tips in fullscreen mode for charts
How to show 'inverted' plot?
RuntimeError Data size graphs
How to show an error message when the interval of historical data is too small or big?
Altair Chart doesn't show
Pyplot size problem
Very slow Bokeh chart
I can not show the prediction graph using prophet
Special Bullet plot
Pie Chart
Plotting is taking more time. why?
Time varying graph
Plot not being shown after using multiprocess
How should I use use_container_width with vconcat-ed charts?
Real-time data streaming and plot updating
Fastest plotting library?
Display month and date instead of day and date in x axis
How to plot charts horizontally
Plotly charts keep changing their size
Plotly Tables
How to get X-axis values to be vertical
Mutiple plotly figures
ImportError: cannot import name 'makeMappingArray' from 'matplotlib.colors'
Custom visualization
Scaling with st.pyplot
Cache matplotlib figure
Point color on deck_gl_chart ScatterplotLayer
SyntaxError: Unexpected token -while using pydeck_chart
Auto refresh page (write over existing dataframe/ plotly charts) when new data is loaded
Data missing from Altair compound chart
Bokeh plot animation
Issue loading Matplotlib figures concurrently. Help?
Showing geotiff raster data
Plotly and beta_columns - Reduce vertical whitespace?
Graphviz - overriding container CSS font-size?
Matplotlib - adding legend, xticks, etc
Is there a way I can make the chart options go back to a default state?
Corrupted graph plots going from version 0.69 to 0.70
How can I display both the index labels and values using streamlit and sns.heatmap for timeseries
[SOLVED]Map visualization freezes using st.pydeck_chart
Fast rendering of plots from pyaudio streaming
Impossible to minimize Plotly dataframe if in sidebar
Graphviz Error
Speeding up Matplotlib With Changing the Data
StreamClosedError when displaying Seaborn plots
Side by side columns rendering hvplot bokeh not working
Loading a large Graph from networkx
Problem caching Matplotlib Plots with Lock
Display line_chart for lines that don't use common x data
How to prevent graph dimensions on plotly from changing in streamlit
How can I make the treemap (plotly_chart) wider in size?
Graphviz chart comes up blank
Matplotlib Figure Size
How to build line chart with two values on y axis and sorded X axis acording string
Display plotly_chart throws error
Drawing a non-square map with pydeck
Scale y-axis
PyplotGlobalUseWarning
[Ludwig-ai issue] Unlike in Colab, Matplotlib/Pyplot cannot display all the needed charts in Streamlit
How to create a grouped bar chart?
How can we use Plotly's config parameter to edit the hoverbar/modebar?
Scatterplot on top of an image
Using images or HTML with graphviz doesn't seem to work
MediaFileManager: Missing file when try to plot two line chart o the same figure
Interactive map
Interactive Data Selection in Plot?
Columns and graphviz chart problem
How to create frequency area chart
Remove messages like - "AxesSubplot(0.125,0.11;0.775x0.77)" when rendering plots in app
Labelling the axes
Refresh graph/datatable inside loop
Incremental display of OHLC plot
Reload altair chart when new data is added to df
Problems integrating an altair choroplet map
Bokeh h-bar chart by sourcing data from pandas data frame
Pydeck_chart not showing different pydeck Views types
Unreadable Tree charts - Cannot widen the canvas' size in Streamlit
Plotly output not displaying correctly
Seaborn Pairplot assistance
How to render chart faster
How to keep the view of a plotly plot when changing a parameter
Matplotlib plots are blurry
Altair themes break charts heights
Plot using line_chart
Cannot render any Tree charts from PyEcharts in Streamlit
Eplot from PyEcharts doesn't seem to work in Streamlit - Is it the case?
How do I plot a graph using dates? / convert a date to build a graph?
St.pydeck_chart missing Terrain_layer issue
Date/ Period Graph
Change direction of axis
How can I animate a line chart for Gradient Descent?
Color change of dots of map()
St. Bar_chart
St.pyplot images do not render every time
Animation to show only the last n datapoints
Plotly maps on mobile devices
Get_container_width to keep plot aspect ratio
Selective Coloring in st.map( ) function
Creating charts with custom function
Altair Plots not expanding to fill container
Legend color in altair cannot be changed
Vega_lite_chart update problem
Show temperature in map
How to make pydeck_chart Hexagon layer bar height based on column value
Altair candlestick chart not plotting interactively
How to adjust matplotlib plot size in Streamlit?
Support for plotnine's ggplot
Social Network Visualizations
3D data visualization: point clouds and triangular meshes
Plotly charts sizing / overlap with other elements
Mapping polylines
Graph will sometimes not show
Hello about 2nd axis
Setting fixed x-axis using Scale does not work
Plot map with address from user input
Error while displaying Bokeh plots (using st.bokeh_chart)
Interacting with the chart above widget?
Enable points for specific series
Visualizing text
How to avoid refreshing/updating charts on irrelevant changes
How to plot map routes obtained from Azure maps?
Help with Covid Map
Pydeck_chart layers
Animated barchart
Can I animate a scatter plot?
Need help with presentation of data
Blank map using st.map()
Live plot from a thread
How to use “getColorR”, “getColorG”, “getColorB” in st.deck_gl_chart
Problem with displaying plotly choropleth figure
How do you preview a chart?
Interactive matplotlib?
Altair circle example do not work
A line_chart question
Deck_gl_chart with proportional color symbols and tool tip
How to plot 3D voxels?
Tooltip and labels in pydeck_chart
St.deck_gl_chart parameters
How to edit width on a graphviz chart
Slow Data Display
Plot timestamp in x-axis
Altair plot height
Graphviz plot
Is is available to plot real-time data?
Appending to scatter chart sub-plots
Sort the bar chart in descending order
Is there a way to auto refresh the chart?
Font Size Caching in Plotly Charts?
How to animate a line chart
How do I link a Progress Bar to a Chart?
Bar Chart cuts off bars
Not keeping the graphs
St.line_chart
Treemap (D3-plus)
alt.Chart height is being removed
Something not working with Altair chart height past v0.47.4?
Draw map and color states (intensity of color based on some numeric value)?
